[Music]
happy family rules that never work when
we get married we get offered a lot of
advice about rules that supposedly
determine how to lead a happy family
life what to do when and how to do it
and what you shouldn't do but maybe it's
a better idea just to ignore all of this
and not get caught up in overanalyzing
today we have some so-called inalienable
laws of family life that you can and
should break try to give them all up
every single one you'll enjoy it
number 9 never lie to your partner
people who advise you to never lie to
your partner probably don't follow this
rule themselves everyone lies that's the
truth keeping silent and leaving things
unsaid also counts as lying just imagine
how much irritation you could both avoid
if you don't bring up all the little
details when it doesn't help to do so
[Music]
number eight be a weak woman for your
strong man
the urge to occasionally behave like a
weak woman for your husband can
unintentionally turn into an extreme
degree of childish behavior remember you
married your partner as an equal don't
turn into a capricious child be yourself
number seven don't use sex as a way to
make up you might sulk for a long time
over a trifling matter but you can make
up in a way you enjoy the reasons for
conflicts and relationships after all
can appear out of thin air and this is a
good way to let such petty squabbles go
don't pretend it doesn't do the trick
number six spend your free time together
do you want to take a break from each
other and do it spending time together
is important but you should only do so
when you want to quality is more
important here than quantity number five
find an activity you can do together
there's nothing worse than forcing your
partner to share your interests if he
doesn't like going to the theater or to
exhibitions and you have absolutely no
interest whatsoever in sport then both
of you should do your own thing
separately that way both of you will be
full of positive emotion and that will
seriously improve the atmosphere at home
number four don't argue about little
things there's no need to pass over all
your grievances and complaints in
silence if you do one day that
particular hand mine will go off
unexpectedly and then you'll have a
serious conflict
[Music]
speak about the thing that you're not
happy about straight away be honest and
you'll soon learn that many seemingly
forbidden subjects can be brought to
light without argument and be solved
peacefully number three kids come first
parents should of course always be there
for their children when they need them
and care for them as much as they can
however you shouldn't forget about
yourself and your partner when you have
kids set aside one evening a week or at
the very least once a month
just for each other number two turn your
life together into a party supporting
each other shouldn't be a case of
jumping through hoops the most important
thing is to feel positive emotions
if you genuinely get a whole lot of
pleasure simply out of lounging around
on the couch together at the end of a
tough week and no one has the right to
condemn you number one work on your
relationship
many people take the idea of working on
your relationship or - literally some
couples end up spending a lot of their
time having serious conversations about
where they're going wrong others are too
eager to rush off for joint sessions
with a relationship counselor the most
important thing you should do during
difficult periods in your relationship
is to rest let go of your problems and
avoid creating new ones that way you
won't feel the need to let a third
person into your relationship
[Music]
do you know other popular rules that all
of us should give up right now share
them in the comments don't forget to hit
the like button and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]
you